[docs][charts] Add composition sections (#17377)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/scatter/scatter.md

See [Custom components](/x/react-charts/components/) to learn how to further customize your charts.

{{"demo": "CustomScatter.js"}}

## Composition

> For composition, use the **ChartDataProvider** to provide `series`, `xAxis`, and `yAxis` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `<ChartDataProvider />` to provide `series`, `xAxis`, and `yAxis` props for composition.
```

> In addition to the common chart components available for [composition](https://next.mui.com/x/react-charts/composition/), you can use the **ScatterPlot** component that renders the scatter marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the common chart components available for [composition](/x/react-charts/composition/), you can use the **ScatterPlot** component that renders the scatter marks.
```

> For info here is the composition of the Scatter Chart component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how the Scatter Chart is composed:
```

```jsx
<ChartDataProvider>
  <ChartsWrapper>
    <ChartsLegend />
    <ChartsSurface>
      <ChartsAxis />
      <ChartsGrid />
      <g data-drawing-container>
        {/* Elements able to overflow the drawing area. */}
        <ScatterPlot />
      </g>
      <ChartsOverlay />
      <ChartsAxisHighlight />
      <ChartsTooltip trigger="item" />
    </ChartsSurface>
  </ChartsWrapper>
</ChartDataProvider>
```

:::info

> The `data-drawing-container` indicates that children of this element should be considered as part of the drawing are, even if they overflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `data-drawing-container` indicates that children of this element should be considered part of the drawing area, even if they overflow.
```

> See the [clipping section](https://next.mui.com/x/react-charts/composition/#clipping) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [clipping section](/x/react-charts/composition/#clipping) for more info.
```
